run ducky run ducky I hate it when my
parents go on vacation and leave Donny
in charge
hello my boy hit Gus no I'm too late get
up you big faker I'm just getting warmed
up
come on lardo get up yes yes oh I better
go fishing
I'm safe keisuke the big dummy l4g man
you alive
Yoshi enough I was just playing possum
was that the perfect defense say some
dudes giving you a beat-down yeah you go
limp so he thinks you checked out and he
leaves you alone
syphilis death
Oh where does that come from no Jen seed
exited somebody throw but who would want
to do that I do it happy your blank bits
I saw it with my own eyes
crowd ohh boy no so easy to destroy and
now get revenge on brother
one woman hello yes dear
no dear I'm in a meeting call you later
I know yes I'm not shouted okay
no dear guys are watching okay then boot
ok proto no have time to finish you but
proto be back Gong look we've been out
here for hours what are we waiting for
let's just dig a hole and hide in it
before that messed up robot finds us I
don't get it
according to the coordinates Moschino
laboratory should be right here well you
must be messed up
aha your coordinates were correct come
with me
further Boise the world of your enemy
even speak these Turkmen and weapon can
stop them
the output of Roma boys particle beam
because furtively mother boy very clever
to me we'll get started right away
happy armored feet
I can't move device or eat in the car
the interruptus program to bring you
breaking news you're looking at a live
image of the cruise ship sea clubs
it's being attacked by a killer robot my
parents are on that cruise Oh No okay
maybe Banyan isn't quite the right word
bro but wait stop Brook no fun uh-huh
but you're not ready it oh wait nuts get
I'm coming too
move